---
layout: page
title: "Test Trend Analyzer (TTA)"
date: 2011-06-24 05:49:00 +0000
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - "tta"
  - "innovation"
author: Anand Bagmar
show_meta: true
---

There are many tools and utilities that provide ways to do test result reporting and analysis of those results. However, I have not found a good, generic way of doing some Trend Analysis of those results. 

  


  


**Why do I need to Trend Analysis of the test results?**

  
Long(er) duration projects / enterprise products need to know the state of the quality of the product over time. One also may need to know various other metrics around the testing - like number of tests, pass %, failure %, etc. over time.

  


The reports I have seen are very good about analyzing the current test results. However, I have not really come across a good generic tool that can be used in most environments for the Test Trend Analysis over a period of time.

  


I am thinking about developing a tool which can address this space. I call this - the **Test Trend Analyzer (TTA)**.

  


Here is what I think TTA should do:

  


**Supports:**

  * Work with reports generated by common unit-test frameworks (jUnit, nUnit, TestNG, TestUnit, style of reports)
  * Provides Web Service interface to upload results to TTA
  * Test Results uploaded will be stored in db
  * Will work on Windows and Linux 




  


**Dashboard:**

  * Creates default TTA dashboard
  * Customizable TTA dashboard
  * Dashboard will be accessible via the browser 




  
**My questions to you:**

  * Do you think this will help? 
  * What other features would you like to see in TTA?
  * What other type of support would you like to have in TTA?
