---
layout: page
title: "Web Analytics and the new kids in town!"
date: 2015-10-12 05:21:00 +0000
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - "innovation"
  - "automation"
  - "bigdata"
  - "@thoughtworks"
  - "#testing_conference"
  - "testing"
  - "opensource"
  - "waat"
  - "#waat #webanalytics #atagg2015"
  - "#testing"
author: Anand Bagmar
show_meta: true
---

I spoke in Agile Testing Alliance Global Gathering on 8th Oct in Bangalore on "_**The What, Why and How of Web Analytics Testing**_ ".   
  
This talk was my take on explaining a very important, yet quite ignored, aspect of Product / Application Development - _**Web Analytics**_. Below is the abstract of the talk, followed by slides and video from the talk.  
  
  


##  Topic: [The What, Why & How of Web Analytics Testing](<http://atagg.agiletestingalliance.org/schedule.html>)

##  Learning Objectives:

The most used and heard about buzz words in the Software Industry today are … IoT and Big Data!  
  
With IoT, with a creative mindset looking for opportunities and ways to add value, the possibilities are infinite. With each such opportunity, there is a huge volume of data being generated - which if analyzed and used correctly, can feed into creating more opportunities and increased value propositions.  
  
There are 2 types of analysis that one needs to think about.  
1\. How is the end-user interacting with the product? This will give some level of understanding into how to re-position and focus on the true value add features for the product.  
2\. With the huge volume of data being generated by the end-user interactions, and the data being captured by all devices in the food-chain of the offering, it is important to identify patterns from what has happened, and find out new product / value opportunities based on usage patterns.  
  
Learn what is Web Analytics, why is it important, and see some techniques how you can test it manually and and also automate that validation.  
  
  


##  Slides from the talk

**[The What, Why and How of Web Analytics Testing (Web, IoT, Big Data)](<https://www.slideshare.net/abagmar/the-what-why-and-how-of-web-analytics-testing-web-iot-big-data> "The What, Why and How of Web Analytics Testing \(Web, IoT, Big Data\)") ** from **[Anand Bagmar](<https://www.slideshare.net/abagmar>)**  
  


##  **Video from the talk:**

##  ** **
